

ABOUT US

SPECMED Life Sciences Private Limited is a fast-growing Pharma company based in India, to help society with more preventive healthcare. We aim to positively impact the health of more people by the end of 2030 in the Segment of Orthopaedics, Gynaecology, Critical care & a part of general medicines. Our bold ambition for the society is to give quality medicine that changes life towards Prevention & care rather than Cure.
SPECMED Life Sciences Private Limited was incorporated in the year 2019 by 2 young Orthopaedic Surgeon Doctors with the motive to help society through preventive healthcare. Trust, Loyalty and Quality were created as a mantra for establishing the company in the field of the Pharmaceutical market. To serve society much better the field launch happened in the year of 2021 with the theme of Remedial Living. The company has already made its presence in the South and East parts of India, soon it will be a PAN India operation to serve our country much better.
Health experts say more people are adopting preventive healthcare post-Covid pandemic. As per the above-mentioned lines, SPECMED Life Sciences also trying to bring awareness on preventive therapy not only in front of the Health experts but the public peoples as well. Recent data shows that preventive health sector is expected to grow further and reach high by 2025, showing a high inclination of people and healthcare brands towards preventive care. Health education and awareness campaigns will be the main part of our company to educate people about healthy eating habits, regular exercise, stress management, and the importance of preventive health check-ups.
A comparison between 1989 and 2017 reports from the National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) Hyderabad and scientific studies reveal a significant decrease in the Nutritional content of foods over the past 3 to 4 decades. Minerals and vitamins are no longer abundant in cereals, fruits and vegetables. This is because metal toxicity is being increased in the soil. Getting all of the nutrients which is needed cannot be done without nutritional supplements. Nutritional supplements are products intended to supplement the diet. They are not medicines, intended to play a major role in the Preventive Healthcare.
